Xu always speaks to Mr. Blessing
Don't get me wrong.
I have no hostility towards you
It's just that
Some high-level things
It's not something your little character can participate in.
Pay attention to your identity
high-rise
I don't know how you contacted Miss Yun
But I would urge you to recognize your position
See your own strength
If you let me know about you and my fiancée again
If there are too many connections
Mr. Nachu
You should pay attention to your physical safety.
Mr. Xu, I also ask you to recognize yourself
This is in the country.
If your dirty tricks don't work
In addition, don't forget that both sides of the strait have to pay
Did your prodigal start 5 years ago?
Want to do it again?
Let's go, Mr. Xu is deaf talking to you
Others pity him
I've seen a lot of people like him.
Chu Fan's status determines his vision
Little people like you
You will never know where the gap in strength lies
As the highest ceremony in the Chinese music scene
This year's Golden Melody Awards
Best Singer
It is the first stop for our global entertainment to enter the domestic market
Our global entertainment will also be a must
As for where
I told you the truth
Where can I pay again
It all depends on the age of our global entertainment
Our global entertainment will cooperate in depth with